1.  When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  You would definitely use a remote repository when collaborating on a project with other people.
2.  Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
	You wouldn't want Git to automatically sync with your remote repository for the same reasons that you would not want Git to automatically create commits for you.  You want to be in control of when and where changes are made.
3.  Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	You use a fork when you want to make a copy of someone else's repository on GitHub and then make changes to the copy.  This leaves the original intact.
	Use a clone when you want to copy a repository down to your local machine from GitHub, or from one local machine to another.  You can then push changes from your clone back up to the original on GitHub (if you have permission), or point your local clone to a different GitHub repository (I think!).
	Use a branch when you want to stay within the same repository but create a new feature that you are not sure you want to add to the master just yet.
4.  What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
	If you run git status, it will tell you where you are in relation to the origin as of your last synchronization.  Also, if you run a fetch, you can examine any changes that have been made to the remote before doing a merge, and can do so offline.

5.  How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
	OH, well, not using Git/GitHub is the method I am accustomed to!  I usually only have to collaborate with one other person.  We email and/or FTP code changes back and forth to each other.  This seems pretty easy until somehow inevitably you get out of sync and then wonder who has the "master copy".  Even though learning Git takes some time, I think it is worthwhile to solve this kind of problem, especially as you add more people to a project.

6.  When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
	You would want to make changes in a separate branch when there are other people working on the same project files as you are.  If everyone made changes to the same files in master, it would get pretty ugly pretty quickly.  If you have all been assigned separate files, then it probably matters less.
	The benefit of not using branches would be not having to switch between different branches and do merges.
	The benefit of using branches is that you keep all of the changes separated and can examine them separately before updating master.

